Adding README and License info. (#5)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-openapi-introspection: README.md

> # Microsoft Graph OpenAPI Introspection API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Microsoft Graph OpenAPI Service
```
Introspection API is too much of a mouthful.  I'm thinking that we should just call it the Microsoft Graph OpenAPI Service.

An API for querying the OpenAPI description of Microsoft Graph

> The Microsoft Graph OpenAPI Introspection API converts Microsoft Graph CSDL metadata to the respective OpenAPI description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Graph OpenAPI Service converts Microsoft Graph CSDL metadata to the respective OpenAPI description.
```
